
lang="en-us">
	





# Mahabharat - Episode 29 - Lakshyagrah - ht's website.






# 
ht.xyz



=> / home
&nbsp;
=> /posts/projects projects
&nbsp;
=> /posts/blog blog
&nbsp;
=> /posts/artwork artwork
&nbsp;
=> /posts/poems poetry
&nbsp;
=> /posts/archive.html archives
&nbsp;
=> articletitle Mahabharat - Episode 29 - Lakshyagrah

2022-06-02


Lakshyagrah
```<p> Karna: Yudhh to tabhi hota hai, jab yodhhaon ki gadao se chingariyaan nikalti hai! Jab ek ka baan dusre ke baan se jaa takrata hai! Jab ek yodhha ke ghaav se nikalte rakt ki dhaara, dusre yodhha ke ghaav se nikalti rakt ki dhaara se jaa milti hai!```
### Synopsis

Gandhari  makes Yudhisthir promise to her that he will never have
bad blood with Dhritrashtra. Shakuni and Duryodhan gang meet Pulochan, where
they plan how to lure Pandavs to Lakshyagrah. Karna is against the cowardly
plan to kill Pandavs, but nevertheless stays due to his bond with Duryodhan.
Vidur is suspicious of Dhritrashtra and Kauravs eagerness to send Pandavs to
Varnavat. He starts investigating on his own. Dhritrashtra tries to manipulate
Bhishma into sending only Yudhisthir and not Duryodhan.
### Discussion

Shakuni has finally started hatching schemes. About half of the Mahabharat
wouldn&rsquo;t have happened if it was not for Shakuni. He has built a Lakshyagrah
(palace of wax) where he will invite the pandavs and burn them alive. Many
circles in India always praise Karna due to his moral compass, but it falls
short against his friendship with Duryodhan. Although he tries to turn
Duryodhan away from the path of cowardice, he agrees to the plan eventually.
Duryodhan himself seemed moved by Karna&rsquo;s words, and rightly so. But in the
end, his lust for the throne wins and he starts on the path to self
destruction.
Dhritrashtra has turned full on manipulative murderer mode now, but of course,
Vidur ji is smarter. He already smells something fishy and tries to get the
Kauravs to join Yudhisthir in Varnavat, but fails in front of an already
manipulated Bhishma. Throughout the story, there are many points when
Dhritrashtra looks like a man guided by his surroundings, but today he shows
his true form. He shows that nothing else matters to him other than his thirst
for a throne that he does not deserve at all. The man who talked to Bhishma
was not a man who was being manipulated by Shakuni but a man acting of his own
accord.
The cards are on the table. Kauravs have Bhishma, Drona, Kripacharya,
Ashwathama, Jarasandh, Shishupal and Rukmi on their side. The scales seem a bit
unbalanced, until we see that Shri Krishn is with Pandavs. The scales truly are
unbalanced. ;)



### Notable dialogue

```<p>Lokpriyata raja ka sabse shaktishaali shashtra hai.```
<!------!>
```<p>Baar baar mujhe ang raaj keh kar mera apmaan na kijiye! Duryodhan aur meri mitrata ka aadhar ye mukut nahi hai!```
<!------!>
```<p>Mai tumhari vo parchayi hoon, jo andhkaar me bhi tumhara sath nahi chhodegi. Mera bhagya tumhare bhagyase juda hua hai mitra.```
<!------!>
```<p>Antaraatma rann bhoomi nahi hai mitra, jisse koi bhaag sake.```
<!------!>
```<p>iss dasi putra ko bhai mat kahiye maharaj.```
Ganga jal to ganga jal hi rehta hai Vidur, Gagar chahe sone ki ho ya mitti ki.
Maa gagar nahi hoti Bhratashri. Beej apne aap me kuch bhi nahi hota jab tak use bhoomi ka sneh na mile. Beej Antriksh me nahi panap sakta.
<!------!>
```<p>Raja ka dharm logo se darna nahi hai Dhritrashtra, raja ka dharm logo se prem karna hai.
```
### To be continued


Post Comment





Comment




Comments ðŸ‘‡");
for(let i=0;i
	&nbsp;
${comments[i].time}

				

				
`;
commentslist.insertAdjacentHTML("beforeend",txt);
}
}
}
window.onload = displaycomments();

Subscribe via RSS




ÿ